---
product: v3
version: "1.0.1.3316"
date: ""
whatsNew:
  - "Unnecessary updating/querying when \"search all\" is selected Issues:(VVE-1724)"
  - "Confusing text for \"search all\" directing user to choose a field Issues:(VVE-1724)"
  - "Choosing any option under the panels drop down causes crash"
  - "Weight column visibility problems when rebuilding. Issues:(VVE-1722)"
---

10/01/2019 13:22:40
### Visualizing Environment
*  Fixes
     * Search
         * Unnecessary updating/querying when "search all" is selected Issues:(VVE-1724)
         * Confusing text for "search all" directing user to choose a field Issues:(VVE-1724)
     * Distribution View
         * Choosing any option under the panels drop down causes crash
     * When you undock a panel and then hide it, it cannot be reopened without re-launching VVE. Issues:(VVE-1638)
     * Select multi-colored nodes problems in Correlation and Hive
     * Network over geo adds unnecessary layer. Issues:(VVE-1716)
     * Propagating Data From One Dataset View to Another Doesn't Select Anything. Issues:(VVE-1711)
     * Pips overlapping the thumbs in timeline should be visually faded/inactive. Issues:(VVE-1693)
     * Deleting data doesn't close tabs. Issues:(VVE-1700)
     * Clicking an Option in Panels Drop Down Menu in Document Cluster View Causes a Crash. Issues:(VVE-1699)
     * Attempting to select the "Timeline/Number Line" panel from the panels menu in hive view causes fatal error. Issues:(VVE-1691)
     * Network Analysis
         * Weight column visibility problems when rebuilding. Issues:(VVE-1722)
     * Timeline
         * Timeline has too much whitespace. Issues:(VVE-1709)
         * Timeline ignores first timestamp during playback. Issues:(1692)
     * Network Analyzer
         * Enable tooltips for column descriptions
     * Geo View
         * View fails to build with map file
*  New Features
     * All Views
         * Add ability to select all nodes that have been highlighted using search colors. (Action Tab -> Search)
     * New Time Span Range compound field: Shows duration between start and end timestamps
*  Improvements
     * Geo View
         * Make Geo View support https tile servers and better error handling. Update MapWinGIS to 5.0.1.0
     * Add a compound field category to available fields
     * Enable using compound fields in more views and within other compound fields
     * Improve document type fields drag-and-drop and validation
     * All Views
         * Add panels menu to views
### General
*  Improvements
     * Json Converter
         * Id is added to xml if specified
### Processing Environment
*  Improvements
     * Elastic Search
         * Update help with valid Raw Query example
         * Add error message from bad queries
         * Rename search type to be "Term" instead of "Field"
     * Add list and detail views to processors pane
*  Fixes
     * File Writer
         * File writer fails files due to "File is opened by another process."
     * Universal Converter
         * CSV, Excel, HTML, and PDF converters now use the encoding setting.
     * Term list/Regex list naming conventions are more consistent
     * Unable to scroll prosessors' priorities
     * Regex Generator's sample field doesn't text wrap
     * DbReader
         * Fix out of memory errors with larger queries
    * DbReader - Fix out of memory problems when fetching large amounts of data.Fix
     * DbReader
         * Now creates on document per row.
### Data Manager
*  New Features
     * Duplicate VDM Database - Users can create duplicate database with custom name and credentials. (Settings Menu)