---
product: v3
version: "3.0.0.284"
date: ""
whatsNew:
  - "Dossier panel do not display Date values. Issues:(VVE-2257)"
  - "Error while attempting to export network analysis grid. Issues:(VVE-2251)"
  - "Selecting correlation edge in wizard nukes available fields. Issues:(VVE-2245)"
  - "Edges not being generated for all items in a nested list."
---

11/19/2021 09:53:31
### Visualizing Environment
*  Fixes
     * Nexus
         * Dossier panel do not display Date values. Issues:(VVE-2257)
         * Error while attempting to export network analysis grid. Issues:(VVE-2251)
     * Geographic View
         * Selecting correlation edge in wizard nukes available fields. Issues:(VVE-2245)
     * Nexus View
         * Edges not being generated for all items in a nested list.
*  Improvements
     * Universal Converter
         * Power Point converter supports merging slides into a single text block.
     * Nexus View
         * Put Nexus button with the rest of the view buttons.
         * Add an options section to the construction wizard and a button for loading global mappings.
         * Add 'Toggle Network Outline' to action tab.
         * Add ability to merge nodes with same value from different entities (Wizard option).
### Processing Environment
*  Fixes
     * List Value Finder
         * Certain terms with special characters do not produce matches.
         * Lists with phrases that start with the same terms do not always find matches. (IE: "The University of Maryland", "The University of Science and Technology").
     * Merger
         * Exception thrown when merge data has multiple words in column header.
     * Application
         * System.IO.Compression reference causes exception.
     * DataStax
         * Saved project with DataStax processor does not open correctly. Issues:(VPE-379)
*  New Features
     * Universal Converter
         * Add option for Text/RTF/PDF to combine paragraphs into one text block..
### All Apps
*  Fixes
     * VDM Folders
         * Fix fatal exception that can occur with folder permissions.