---
product: v3
version: "3.1.104.7"
date: "10/08/2024"
whatsNew:
  - "Value Splitter"
  - "Added option to trim whitespace from values."
  - "Value Splitter"
  - "Fixed issue with Eliminate Duplicates option."
---

### Processing Environment
*  Improvements
     * Value Splitter
       * Added option to trim whitespace from values.
*  Fixes
     * Value Splitter
       * Fixed issue with Eliminate Duplicates option.
       * Fixed issue with certain custom delimiters being invalid.
### Visualization Environment
*  Improvements
     * Stretch Start Page buttons.
     * Nexus Mapper
       * Added Document Type colors to entity mappings.
     * Network View
	   * Added option to save edges and nodes to Document Type as compound fields.
*  Fixes
     * Network View
       * Fixed Create View From Selected error.
       * Fixed building Network Analysis Only.
       * Fixed Network Node field icon.
       * Fixed issue with Selected Fields allowing duplicate edges/nodes.
       * Fixed issue with edges and nodes not accepting field replacements in certain cases.
     * Nexus View
	   * Fixed missing edges for relationships with multiple elements that have the same name.
       * Fix error parsing edges that don't have both from and to values
     * Correlation View
       * Fixed node selection issue after switching from 3D to 2D
     * Distribution View
	   * Fixed merging categories with the same name with different capitalization.
       * Fixed coloring nodes/bins when building a view.
     * Geographical View
       * Fixed shrunk View Info panel after opening Geographic view.
     * Nexus Mapper
       * Fixed grouping by Document Type.